Integrate HyP3's twitter account (#129)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.3.6](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs/compare/v0.3.5...v0.3.6)

### Added 
* A [What's New](docs/whats_new.md) page which displays [@ASFHyP3's](https://twitter.com/ASFHyP3) twitter feed

> * A News and Notes section to the home page, with a limited view of [@ASFHyP3's](https://twitter.com/ASFHyP3) twitter feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A What's New section to the home page, with a limited view of [@ASFHyP3's](https://twitter.com/ASFHyP3) twitter feed
```
